add api-contracts for profile-service (#16)
Real-Dev-Squad/docs: docs/profile-service/api-contracts.md

# Profile Service API Specifications and Contracts

> Profile Service is a custom backend set up by everyone in the RDS community. It includes 3 endpoints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profile Service is a custom backend that needs to be set up and maintained by everyone in the RDS community. It includes the following endpoints:
```

1. `/health`
2. `/profile`

> 3. `/verify`

Reviewer: Nit: We can add links to redirect them to the respective section.

## Endpoint: /health

This is a `GET` endpoint that returns a message "Profile Service - Health Verified".

- **Request**

GET `/health`

- **Response**

HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
"message": "Profile Service - Health Verified"
}

> 

Reviewer: Wont we have internal server error and unauthorized responses for GET ?

Reviewer 2: No as of now

Author: No this is an open route, So no authorization is required. Do I need to be logged in to see if the server is up and running? If yes then our RDS backend also does not use any authentication for healthcheck

## Endpoint: /profile

This is a `GET` endpoint that returns a JSON object in the following format. It is a verified route, you need to verify the token sent in the header when a request is made to this route. It will be verified with the chain code provided when linked to RDS.

- **Request**
GET /profile
Authorization: Bearer <JWT_TOKEN>

- **Response**

- Success (HTTP Status 200 OK):

```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "first_name": "YOUR_FIRST_NAME",
    "last_name": "YOUR_LAST_NAME",
    "email": "YOUR_EMAIL_ID",
    "phone": "YOUR_PHONE_NUMBER",

>     "yoe": YOUR_YEARS_OF_EXPERIENCE_AS_INTEGER,

Reviewer: Any specific reason why this field is colored ?

Author: because it's direct text without quotes and in md I have mentioned it as json. If I do not mention json/any language it lints out.
